Pacific Pines Tavern, Pacific Pines, QLD Please enable JavaScript to use this page! For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable  JavaScript. Here are the instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser . Home Banner Home Quick Links Home Featured Content block Home Core Content Home What's On Family Bistro New Page Finish Line Bar Home Functions Home Gallery Home SFMC Popup Section Home Eat Family Bistro FinishLine Bar Kids Our Menus Drink Our Bars FinishLine Bar Bistro Bar What's On Sport UFC pub+ Functions Our Rooms Function Pack Enquire Now Gaming What's On Events Bars Sport UFC Jobs Contact Contact Us Subscribe Book Now Home Banner Home Quick Links Home Featured Content block Home Core Content Home What's On Family Bistro New Page Finish Line Bar Home Functions Home Gallery Home SFMC Popup Section Home Eat Family Bistro FinishLine Bar Kids Our Menus Drink Our Bars FinishLine Bar Bistro Bar What's On Sport UFC pub+ Functions Our Rooms Function Pack Enquire Now Gaming What's On Events Bars Sport UFC Jobs Contact Contact Us Subscribe Book Now Welcome To The Pacific Pines Tavern A Favourite In North Gold Coast Eat Drink Functions Gigs Gaming Sip A Brew While Overlooking Central Park On Hotham Drive overlooking the Pacific Pines Central Park, Pacific Pines Tavern sits in the heart of the Pacific Pines community, north of the Gold Coast. A family friendly hotel, our motto is that good food should be shared with good people. Our spacious bistro is the perfect location to meet with loved ones and look out across the Pacific Pines Central Park while settling into our comfortable seating. Our menu takes inspiration from our surroundings and we place a huge importance on using local suppliers and the freshest ingredients. When dining in our Family Bistro, you'll have your pick of delicious steaks, fresh seafood, all the pub favourites you know and love and so much more. Our youngest guests are taken care of with a dedicated kids menu offering options to suit each taste. Trust us, there's nothing better than toasting a glass with family and friends in the warm weather on our alfresco dining area watching the sun go down over Central Park. If you're in the mood for a drink, look no further than our Finish Line Bar. It is the perfect place for those overdue catch ups with mates, a quick sip on the way home from work and to watch the sun go down. If the game is on, you'll have no problem catching it in here, with our 150 inch projector broadcasting every minute. Choose from one of our many ice cold beers on tap and settle in. View Menu Book Now WHAT'S ON Family Bistro Our Bistro is well known for delicious food, spacious seating and quality service. Serving lunch and dinner every day of the week, our menu takes inspiration from our local suppliers and producers along the Gold Coast. Featuring a selection of delicious steaks, wholesome pastas, fresh seafood, plus all the pub fare you know and love. The little ones are taken care of with a dedicated kids menu with every taste covered. Our Bistro opens at 11:30 am every day, so book a table online or head in and speak to our team. View Menu Book Now FinishLine Bar The Finishline Bar is one of north Gold Coast's best, boasting a 150 inch projector showing all of the latest sports action, two TAB terminals, Keno and Keno racing. We also offer two pool tables and two dart boards for those with a competitive streak. If you're looking for a place to relax with friends, catch up on the latest sporting action, enjoy great live bands or a laugh with stand up comedy, Finishline Bar is the place for you. Meet up with friends after a long day at work or just unwind over the weekend here at The Finishline Bar. Functions Host your next special event with us at Pacific Pines Tavern. We offer a modern look and feel with a large deck, a generous Sports Bar offering all the trimmings plus private and sit down function areas to suit your event requirements. We’re flexible in our approach to events, and are happy to tailor a complete package to suit your specific needs. We can assist you with DJs, jukeboxes, karaoke machines, dietary needs and any decorations that you may require for your function. We’re committed to providing exceptional customer service, so please do not hesitate to call us to further discuss how we can assist you with your next function. Function Pack Enquire Now Book Now View Menu X Back To Top Pacific Pines Tavern, 8 Hotham Drive, Pacific Pines, QLD, 4211, Australia (07) 5580 6100 pacific.pines.tavern@alhgroup.com.au Pacific Pines Tavern 8 Hotham Dve Pacific Pines, QLD, 4211 (07) 5580 6100 NEWS & UPDATES Hear more about what’s happening with us, upcoming specials and offers and the latest in sport. Subscribe GENERAL OPENING HOURS Everyday: 10:00am - 12:30am Bistro OPENING HOURS Everyday: 11:30am - 2:30pm | 5:30pm - 8:30pm Sports Bar OPENING HOURS Sun - Thu: 10:00am - 10:00pm Fri & Sat: 10:00am - 12:00am Courtesy Bus Thursday Friday Saturday from 6pm (call 0427 224 342) Need a place to stay? Check in at Nightcap hotels , Our Accommodation Partners across Australia. This venue is committed to conducting all aspects of alcohol & gaming service in a professional and responsible manner as well as actively supporting the promotion and encouragement of responsible gambling. Click here for more information. ﻿ *Terms and conditions and exemptions apply. Click here for more information. ﻿ Copyright © 2021 ALH Group LTD . All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Vulnerability Disclosure | Join our Team.Pacific Pines Tavern, Pacific Pines, QLD Please enable JavaScript to use this page! For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable  JavaScript. Here are the instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser . Home Banner Home Quick Links Home Featured Content block Home Core Content Home What's On Family Bistro New Page Finish Line Bar Home Functions Home Gallery Home SFMC Popup Section Home Eat Family Bistro FinishLine Bar Kids Our Menus Drink Our Bars FinishLine Bar Bistro Bar What's On Sport UFC pub+ Functions Our Rooms Function Pack Enquire Now Gaming What's On Events Bars Sport UFC Jobs Contact Contact Us Subscribe Book Now Home Banner Home Quick Links Home Featured Content block Home Core Content Home What's On Family Bistro New Page Finish Line Bar Home Functions Home Gallery Home SFMC Popup Section Home Eat Family Bistro FinishLine Bar Kids Our Menus Drink Our Bars FinishLine Bar Bistro Bar What's On Sport UFC pub+ Functions Our Rooms Function Pack Enquire Now Gaming What's On Events Bars Sport UFC Jobs Contact Contact Us Subscribe Book Now Welcome To The Pacific Pines Tavern A Favourite In North Gold Coast Eat Drink Functions Gigs Gaming Sip A Brew While Overlooking Central Park On Hotham Drive overlooking the Pacific Pines Central Park, Pacific Pines Tavern sits in the heart of the Pacific Pines community, north of the Gold Coast. A family friendly hotel, our motto is that good food should be shared with good people. Our spacious bistro is the perfect location to meet with loved ones and look out across the Pacific Pines Central Park while settling into our comfortable seating. Our menu takes inspiration from our surroundings and we place a huge importance on using local suppliers and the freshest ingredients. When dining in our Family Bistro, you'll have your pick of delicious steaks, fresh seafood, all the pub favourites you know and love and so much more. Our youngest guests are taken care of with a dedicated kids menu offering options to suit each taste. Trust us, there's nothing better than toasting a glass with family and friends in the warm weather on our alfresco dining area watching the sun go down over Central Park. If you're in the mood for a drink, look no further than our Finish Line Bar. It is the perfect place for those overdue catch ups with mates, a quick sip on the way home from work and to watch the sun go down. If the game is on, you'll have no problem catching it in here, with our 150 inch projector broadcasting every minute. Choose from one of our many ice cold beers on tap and settle in. View Menu Book Now WHAT'S ON Family Bistro Our Bistro is well known for delicious food, spacious seating and quality service. Serving lunch and dinner every day of the week, our menu takes inspiration from our local suppliers and producers along the Gold Coast. Featuring a selection of delicious steaks, wholesome pastas, fresh seafood, plus all the pub fare you know and love. The little ones are taken care of with a dedicated kids menu with every taste covered. Our Bistro opens at 11:30 am every day, so book a table online or head in and speak to our team. View Menu Book Now FinishLine Bar The Finishline Bar is one of north Gold Coast's best, boasting a 150 inch projector showing all of the latest sports action, two TAB terminals, Keno and Keno racing. We also offer two pool tables and two dart boards for those with a competitive streak. If you're looking for a place to relax with friends, catch up on the latest sporting action, enjoy great live bands or a laugh with stand up comedy, Finishline Bar is the place for you. Meet up with friends after a long day at work or just unwind over the weekend here at The Finishline Bar. Functions Host your next special event with us at Pacific Pines Tavern. We offer a modern look and feel with a large deck, a generous Sports Bar offering all the trimmings plus private and sit down function areas to suit your event requirements. We’re flexible in our approach to events, and are happy to tailor a complete package to suit your specific needs. We can assist you with DJs, jukeboxes, karaoke machines, dietary needs and any decorations that you may require for your function. We’re committed to providing exceptional customer service, so please do not hesitate to call us to further discuss how we can assist you with your next function. Function Pack Enquire Now Book Now View Menu X Back To Top Pacific Pines Tavern, 8 Hotham Drive, Pacific Pines, QLD, 4211, Australia (07) 5580 6100 pacific.pines.tavern@alhgroup.com.au Pacific Pines Tavern 8 Hotham Dve Pacific Pines, QLD, 4211 (07) 5580 6100 NEWS & UPDATES Hear more about what’s happening with us, upcoming specials and offers and the latest in sport. Subscribe GENERAL OPENING HOURS Everyday: 10:00am - 12:30am Bistro OPENING HOURS Everyday: 11:30am - 2:30pm | 5:30pm - 8:30pm Sports Bar OPENING HOURS Sun - Thu: 10:00am - 10:00pm Fri & Sat: 10:00am - 12:00am Courtesy Bus Thursday Friday Saturday from 6pm (call 0427 224 342) Need a place to stay? Check in at Nightcap hotels , Our Accommodation Partners across Australia. This venue is committed to conducting all aspects of alcohol & gaming service in a professional and responsible manner as well as actively supporting the promotion and encouragement of responsible gambling. Click here for more information. ﻿ *Terms and conditions and exemptions apply. Click here for more information. ﻿ Copyright © 2021 ALH Group LTD . All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Vulnerability Disclosure | Join our Team.